Acme::Time::Asparagus

We have a clock in our kitchen that has vegetables rather than numbers.
You can see a picture of it at http://www.drbacchus.com/images/clock.jpg
Pretty cool, huh?

Sarah, our 4 year old, does not yet know how to tell time, and the other
night I told her that she needed to be ready to go somewhere by
asparagus. This got me thinking that it would be amusing to have a
module for conversion from regular time to vegetable time. And, if I got
particularly bored, the other direction.

So what is this really good for? Um. It's in the Acme namespace. It's
purely for my amusement.

Note that there are also a wide variety of sushi clocks available -
thanks to DrForr for this tip - which you can pick up at
http://www.sushiclock.com/

Rich 'DrBacchus' Bowen
21 April, 2002, at about Tomato past Brussels Sprout.

  use Acme::Time::Asparagus;
  print veggietime("2:53");

Displays "Red Pepper before Carrot"

This package also contains Acme::Time::Aubergine (vegatable clock in
British English) and Acme::Time::DimSum (a dim sum clock), and
Acme::Time::FooClock, which lets you create your own clock module by
providing a list of objects appearing on the clock.

---------------------

Version 1.02 adds 'before' as well as 'after', so that one has 'Onion
before Brussel Sprout', rather than 'Onion after Corn'. And now you can
just call veggietime() and have it default to the current time. Thanks
to sockmonk and phydeaux for appropriate VeggieTales quotes.

---------------------

Version 1.04 is the result of a patch from Kate Pugh, of London.pm,
demonstrating that there are other people in the world that are just as
silly as me. So there. Now this module speaks British English as well as
American English. You say tomato, I say tomato.

---------------------

Version 1.10 is a major rearrangement. The desire was to be able to
create clock modules for any arbitrary clock without working very hard
at it. Seems like a lot of trouble to go to, but there you have it. So,
we have a new Acme::Time::FooClock which provides the guts, and then
various other modules which implement a particular clock. Please make
your own clocks, and further pollute the world with silly code.

----------------------

Version 1.16 fixes the broken 1.15 release, which claimed to provide a
veggietime command line script, but didn't, and so broke stuff. Also,
1.15 seems to have never made it into revision control, which is odd. So
if such a script ever existed, I don't know where it went. Not that it
would be difficult to make a new one ...

----------------------

Version 1.17 ads the veggietime script for reals.

